packages/components/src/popover/README.md, before:

Popover
=======

Popover is a React component to render a floating content modal. It is similar in purpose to a tooltip, but renders content of any sort, not only simple text. It anchors itself to its parent node, optionally by a specified direction. If the popover exceeds the bounds of the page in the direction it opens, its position will be flipped automatically.

## Usage

Render a Popover within the parent to which it should anchor:

```jsx
import { Button, Popover } from '@wordpress/components';
import { withState } from '@wordpress/compose';

const MyPopover = withState( {
	isVisible: false,
} )( ( { isVisible, setState } ) => {
	const toggleVisible = () => {
		setState( ( state ) => ( { isVisible: ! state.isVisible } ) );
	};
	return (
		<Button isDefault onClick={ toggleVisible }>
			Toggle Popover!
			{ isVisible && (
				<Popover>
					Popover is toggled!
				</Popover>
			) }
		</Button>
	);
} );
```

If a Popover is returned by your component, it will be shown. To hide the popover, simply omit it from your component's render value.

If you want Popover elements to render to a specific location on the page to allow style cascade to take effect, you must render a `Popover.Slot` further up the element tree:

```jsx
import { render } from '@wordpress/element';
import { Popover } from '@wordpress/components';
import Content from './Content';

const app = document.getElementById( 'app' );

render(
	<div>
		<Content />
		<Popover.Slot />
	</div>,
	app
);
```

## Props

The component accepts the following props. Props not included in this set will be applied to the element wrapping Popover content.

### focusOnMount

By default, the *first tabblable element* in the popover will receive focus when it mounts. This is the same as setting `focusOnMount` to `"firstElement"`. If you want to focus the container instead, you can set `focusOnMount` to `"container"`.

Set this prop to `false` to disable focus changing entirely. This should only be set when an appropriately accessible substitute behavior exists.

- Type: `String` or `Boolean`
- Required: No
- Default: `"firstElement"`

### position

The direction in which the popover should open relative to its parent node. Specify y- and x-axis as a space-separated string. Supports `"top"`, `"middle"`, `"bottom"` y axis, and `"left"`, `"center"`, `"right"` x axis.

- Type: `String`
- Required: No
- Default: `"top center"`

### children

The content to be displayed within the popover.

- Type: `Element`
- Required: Yes

### className

An optional additional class name to apply to the rendered popover.

- Type: `String`
- Required: No

### onClose

A callback invoked when the popover should be closed.

- Type: `Function`
- Required: No

### onFocusOutside

A callback invoked when the focus leaves the opened popover. This should only be provided in advanced use-cases when a Popover should close under specific circumstances; for example, if the new `document.activeElement` is content of or otherwise controlling Popover visibility.

Defaults to `onClose` when not provided.

- Type: `Function`
- Required: No

### expandOnMobile

Opt-in prop to show popovers fullscreen on mobile, pass `false` in this prop to avoid this behavior.

 - Type: `Boolean`
 - Required: No
 - Default: `false`

 ### headerTitle

 Set this to customize the text that is shown in popover's header when it is fullscreen on mobile.

 - Type: `String`
 - Required: No

 ### noArrow

 Set this to hide the arrow which visually indicates what the popover is anchored to. Note that the arrow will not display if `position` is set to `"middle center"`.

 - Type: `Boolean`
 - Required: No
 - Default: `false`

### anchorRect

A custom `DOMRect` object at which to position the popover.

- Type: `DOMRect`
- Required: No

## Methods

### refresh

Calling `refresh()` will force the Popover to recalculate its size and position. This is useful when a DOM change causes the anchor node to change position.

Commit message:

Squash:     41aa4f8f75d24b7dbb33e835d15a839d48f498e4 Fix breadcrumb position     47ad12ffac7554a858fe90f98803631cc3c17e2f (HEAD -> try/block-controls-popover, origin/try/block-controls-popover) Move in between inserter between blocks     6e9d0bccb78364deb1bf3c2f7e0d145b0d658b37 Fix toolbar lag (do not render an inserter for all blocks)     c13c7717be6323caea4155370dcceb436bd5001c Use popover for mobile toolbar     54d28d158cd2c0c2c5ad24e290b70613b4891b4b Use popover for insertion points     e6bee064f1565b37f442e26c8d0c782468d934a6 Use popover for breadcrumbs     3fafe7cd38d2539261140648a78ff6be91db7cdc Use popover for BlockMultiControls     da98a6f4efe92d4e67ad907bd2946cce5cfeccce Add popover corner option     05ad96c63663e3a9b94007bea310a6059ad8452d Add forceposition option     7cedca222d8d23af40d9e9c0d90d1e23ec4a3ac4 Update packages/block-editor/src/components/block-list/block.js     887d875d2e2d4ed0f2b67ccbcc33f7bc7dc5c768 Enable drag and drop     fca9c222a2b45dae3fddd8eb5a7f6af7da38eda0 [WIP] Lighter block DOM: detached controls     973383856aae65cefe31555ece9f396997c06294 Adjust more CSS     be48387131406def9281c308c8ea3975ec94b4be Fix CSS     5511ec1c95c78dd0224ee4577b923184dbae3e6d Adjust snapshots     a65a424eb2de80e8cc1ac1b8e2a4a3281b6f732e fix focus issue     3c2e446d942a9f94759c7914727a1f3866ad4856 simplify     7389333f5e9c5f5f57620f1bfb8f891f30c980e7 wip2     14f21812b560d756136b02027e7e1db58775b979 wip

packages/components/src/popover/README.md, after:

Popover
=======

Popover is a React component to render a floating content modal. It is similar in purpose to a tooltip, but renders content of any sort, not only simple text. It anchors itself to its parent node, optionally by a specified direction. If the popover exceeds the bounds of the page in the direction it opens, its position will be flipped automatically.

## Usage

Render a Popover within the parent to which it should anchor:

```jsx
import { Button, Popover } from '@wordpress/components';
import { withState } from '@wordpress/compose';

const MyPopover = withState( {
	isVisible: false,
} )( ( { isVisible, setState } ) => {
	const toggleVisible = () => {
		setState( ( state ) => ( { isVisible: ! state.isVisible } ) );
	};
	return (
		<Button isDefault onClick={ toggleVisible }>
			Toggle Popover!
			{ isVisible && (
				<Popover>
					Popover is toggled!
				</Popover>
			) }
		</Button>
	);
} );
```

If a Popover is returned by your component, it will be shown. To hide the popover, simply omit it from your component's render value.

If you want Popover elements to render to a specific location on the page to allow style cascade to take effect, you must render a `Popover.Slot` further up the element tree:

```jsx
import { render } from '@wordpress/element';
import { Popover } from '@wordpress/components';
import Content from './Content';

const app = document.getElementById( 'app' );

render(
	<div>
		<Content />
		<Popover.Slot />
	</div>,
	app
);
```

## Props

The component accepts the following props. Props not included in this set will be applied to the element wrapping Popover content.

### focusOnMount

By default, the *first tabblable element* in the popover will receive focus when it mounts. This is the same as setting `focusOnMount` to `"firstElement"`. If you want to focus the container instead, you can set `focusOnMount` to `"container"`.

Set this prop to `false` to disable focus changing entirely. This should only be set when an appropriately accessible substitute behavior exists.

- Type: `String` or `Boolean`
- Required: No
- Default: `"firstElement"`

### position

The direction in which the popover should open relative to its parent node. Specify y- and x-axis as a space-separated string. Supports `"top"`, `"middle"`, `"bottom"` y axis, and `"left"`, `"center"`, `"right"` x axis.

- Type: `String`
- Required: No
- Default: `"top center"`

### forcePosition

Normally the position may be adjusted based on available space. Set to `false`
to disable this behaviour.

- Type: `boolean`
- Required: No
- Default: `false`

### children

The content to be displayed within the popover.

- Type: `Element`
- Required: Yes

### className

An optional additional class name to apply to the rendered popover.

- Type: `String`
- Required: No

### onClose

A callback invoked when the popover should be closed.

- Type: `Function`
- Required: No

### onFocusOutside

A callback invoked when the focus leaves the opened popover. This should only be provided in advanced use-cases when a Popover should close under specific circumstances; for example, if the new `document.activeElement` is content of or otherwise controlling Popover visibility.

Defaults to `onClose` when not provided.

- Type: `Function`
- Required: No

### expandOnMobile

Opt-in prop to show popovers fullscreen on mobile, pass `false` in this prop to avoid this behavior.

 - Type: `Boolean`
 - Required: No
 - Default: `false`

 ### headerTitle

 Set this to customize the text that is shown in popover's header when it is fullscreen on mobile.

 - Type: `String`
 - Required: No

 ### noArrow

 Set this to hide the arrow which visually indicates what the popover is anchored to. Note that the arrow will not display if `position` is set to `"middle center"`.

 - Type: `Boolean`
 - Required: No
 - Default: `false`

### anchorRect

A custom `DOMRect` object at which to position the popover.

- Type: `DOMRect`
- Required: No

## Methods

### refresh

Calling `refresh()` will force the Popover to recalculate its size and position. This is useful when a DOM change causes the anchor node to change position.
